Docs: Clarify that Automators applies only to Company License users (#10266)
remotion-dev/remotion: packages/docs/docs/license/faq.mdx

- a non-profit or not-for-profit organisation
- evaluating whether Remotion is a good fit, and are not yet using it in a commercial way

> Remotion for Creators and Remotion for Automators are Company License options. They apply only if you do not qualify for the Free License. Free License users may also create automated pipelines and render programmatically.

Reviewer: I will remove this one because it is redundant and at this point into reading it, we have not yet established these terms. Confusing IMO

### When do I need to purchase Renders?

> If you do not qualify for the Free License, building an automation makes your use case fall under Remotion for Automators. Setting up an automation to render videos programmatically requires you to purchase Renders.

Reviewer: Less words, same meaning:

```suggestion
If you do not qualify for the Free License, building an automation makes your use case fall under Remotion for Automators and requires you to purchase Renders.
```
